Previously on 90210:
HARRY:
Come on, Beverly Hills is going
to be great for our family.
We got the weather, we got
the palm trees with the...
more palm trees.
More palm trees.
You had, like,
a million friends.
Back home.
And they all knew
about the whole adoption story.
Ethan, this is Annie, the
new principal's daughter.
Annie, my boyfriend,
Ethan.
Yeah, well, actually,
yeah, we-we know each other.
We met, like, two summers ago?
Hey, Ty.
Yeah.
You want to grab dinner
tonight after rehearsal?
You can Spence anybody.
Annie!
Ty.
I wanted to bring you these.
If you guys want to grab
some food, I can watch Sammy.
You just got here.
Don't worry, I'll be
here for a while.
I went to Dad's
office last night,
and I saw him there
kissing another woman.
I'm gonna take
you home, okay?
Okay.
It's okay.
In eighth grade,
my dad had an affair.
I had to tell someone,
so I told my best friend, Naomi.
She promised me that
she wouldn't tell anyone.
So she told everyone.
HARRY:
Well, I got some
bad news.
I just got off the phone
with your drama teacher.
Got a family emergency
in Atlanta and she
is taking an indefinite
leave of absence.
So what does that mean?
You're not canceling
the musical, are you?
Well, if I can't find
somebody else
I don't know that
I have a choice.
Dad, no!
We've been rehearsing
for weeks
and the show is amazing.
Can't you just find someone
to supervise us?
Harry, how hard
could it be
to find an acting coach in L.A.?
I mean, I could throw a rock
out the window
and hit an actor.
Fine.
I'll do it.
What?
I'll direct the musical.
Uh, but...
but, Grandma, uh...
you're so busy
writing your memoir.
Sweetheart,
when the theater is in pain,
I come to mend the wound.
O... Okay.
Tabitha, that is
a very nice offer.
Annie, you are
very lucky.
I'm so excited.
I'm excited, too.
I have to remember some of those
breathing exercises
I used to do.
I had a director who'd say,
"If you're not breathing
from your ass
"and reaching
to the skies,
the back row
won't hear you."
I slept with him.
Oh...
Now I know you don't love it,
but it's great, and, honey...
Mom, okay, stop?
I think that your
foundation's a little dark.
It's the same one
I use every single day.
Merry early Christmas,
everybody.
Both my girls look beautiful.
Why are we shooting the
Christmas photo without Jen?
She sending us
a picture.
We're gonna
Photoshop it in.
What? That's the dumbest thing
I've ever heard.
Can we just
shoot this, please?
All right,
everyone get in real close.
Linda and Bob are gonna
start renovating.
So I was gonna offer
them the beach house.
I've already offered it
to somebody at work
for the same reason.
Charles, would you mind turning
towards Tracy?
There's a big space right
here between you two.
I wish I could live
at the beach house.
What does that mean?
Tracy, you're
looking a little stiff.
Charles, can you
put your arms around
both ladies, please?
Naomi, can I get a smile?
And, Tracy and Charles,
can I get
a little kiss
between you two?
(cell phone rings)
Could you hurry up, please?
It's really hot out here.
It's an out-of-town emergency.
Give me a second.
(scoffs)
Why do we even bother?
Naomi...
It'll be just a second.
Okay.
Dixon, your mom is
driving me to school.
You can take my car.
Sweet.
You call the Realtor
this morning?
Only one couple looked
at the house this month.
Not surprising.
Tough market.
What's going on?
We're having trouble
selling the house in Kansas.
Is that a bad thing?
It's not a good thing.
We're paying a mortgage on
a house we're not living in.
It's not like
we're paying rent here.
Yeah, but we still
got expenses.
We got moving expenses,
gas prices...
Hey, don't worry about it.
We're fine.
Hi, Mom.
Where are we going
for dinner tonight?
I made reservations at Craft.
Is Dad coming?
He has a meeting.
Is that code for
"sleeping with his girlfriend"?
Naomi...
Mom, how can you
live like this?
How can you just accept that
Dad's with another woman?
How is that okay?
Can you explain that to me?
'Cause I just don't get it.
It's just a casual fling,
that's all.
She doesn't even live here.
So what, Mom?
He's still cheating on you.
This is between me
and your dad.
Stay out of it.
I'm not discussing this
with you again.
Do you understand?
Perfectly.
I wish we could've done
breakfast at the Peach Pit.
I hate early morning meetings.
Don't worry about it.
I'm getting a kick
out of being here.
I can almost still
hear the chanting.
"Donna Martin graduates.
Donna Martin graduates."
That's crazy.
Oh, thank you very much.
Now that's gonna be
stuck in my head all day.
Speaking of,
have you seen Donna?
Yes.
And, oh, my God, her baby
is so cute, I can't stand it.
I know.
How's the play?
It's good.
I mean, the Taper just went
through a renovation
so it's a really nice
house to perform in.
You're gonna come
see me, right?
Of course.
I wouldn't miss it.
So...
dirt.
What?
Ryan.
Okay. Um...
He's nice.
I like him.
We work together,
so it's awkward.
And he's ten years
younger than me,
which makes it bizarre.
I asked him where he was
when Kurt Cobain died
and he said he was
watching cartoons.
Does he know about Ryan?
Why would he need to know?
It's none of his business.
Well, it may be his business
if things get more serious
with Ryan.
You know, because of Sammy.
Well, let me worry about that.
Fair enough.
Hi.
Hey.
Ethan, I'm a mess.
I'm freaking out.
My family is so fake.
I mean, my sister's
being Photoshopped
into the Christmas card
from Paris.
My dad is kissing my mom
while having an affair.
Look, I don't... I'm sorry
you're going through this.
Thank you.
But, look, Naomi...
I know.
We're not together anymore.
But it's really good
to talk to you.
(car alarm blares)
Oh, damn.
(sighs heavily)
Why were trying
to fit that tank
into a compact space?
Uh... I thought I had room.
Do you know how much parts cost
on German cars?
A lot?
Just give me
your insurance info.
Um... listen, uh...
do you think there's any way
we can handle this between us?
Oh, you don't
have insurance.
No, no, my dad does, but I
don't want him to find out.
You know, he won't let me
drive the car anymore.
I can get you the cash.
I'm good for it, I swear.
It's not like you don't know
what school I go to, man.
It's not like I'm gonna
disappear or anything.
Just please do me
this solid, man, please.
My dad's away on business
for a couple weeks.
I just need the cash
before he gets back.
Hey, Kelly.
Hey.
Um, so about Saturday.
There's a new pizza place
in Silverlake.
And apparently it's good,
like New York good.
Oh, Saturday,
I can't do it
because Silver's not going to be
around to help me with Sammy.
How about Brenda?
She has a show
that night.
Sammy's dad,
does he ever take him?
What?
Sammy's dad.
Did I...
Did I say something wrong?
No.
No, it's fine.
Um... he just...
he doesn't live here.
Where does he live?
All over kind of.
Yeah, he's, uh,
he's a do-gooder.
He's actually halfway across
the world right now
doing charity work.
Impressive.
Yeah.
Well, maybe we can
do Sunday, okay?
Okay.
I'll see what I can do.
Great.
Hey, Annie, I haven't
seen you around.
I've been around.
Busy with the play.
So how's Naomi?
Uh, just a lot of
really intense stuff
going on with
her family.
Yeah. Yeah,
it seemed like it.
So are you guys like...?
No, no, no.
No, uh...
She was just
flipping out and
I know how to
deal with her.
Right.
What about you and Ty?
What's up with
that whole...?
Ah... nothing really.
Oh.
Well, I had a lot of fun hanging
out with you the other night.
Me, too.
Well, good.
Do you want to
maybe do that again?
Like Thursday?
Uh, Thursday night
I have nothing going on.
(chuckling)
Uh, cool.
Well, I'm with my brother
all afternoon,
so you want to just meet at
the Peach Pit like around 6:00?
Yeah. Cool.
See you then.
Awesome.
Oh!
Hi.
So, the other night,
I left without
saying good-bye.
I'm sorry about that.
Oh, no, it's no big deal.
Well, I think it's a big deal
'cause I didn't get
to hang out with you.
Anyway...
Vampire Weekend's playing
this secret show at the Avalon
and my cousin got me
VIP tickets.
It's Thursday.
You want to go?
Oh, I can't.
I have plans.
Okay.
Uh, is it like
a group hang?
'Cause I don't have
to go to the show.
My cousin's in
the music biz
and hooks me up
all the time.
Um, it's-it's not
really a group hang.
It's more of a one-on-one
kind of thing.
Got it.
I'll see you around.
Silver...
Hey, hey, Silver.
Can I talk to you?
Headphones.
You have
a nanosecond.
Please don't blog about
my dad's affair.
You thought my family
problems were gossip.
Why shouldn't I treat
yours the same way?
Look, I've said it before,
but I'll say it again--
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, okay?
Because I get it now.
I know what
you were going through.
What I did was really messed up.
Yeah, it was really messed up.
♪ Mama who bore me ♪
♪ Mama who gave me ♪
♪ Mama, the angels ♪
♪ Who made me so sad ♪
♪ Mama who bore me ♪
No!
♪ Mama who gave me... ♪
No, stop.
My ears are bleeding.
You have no passion, girls.
You got to sing like
your privates are on fire.
For God's sake.
Just because
you're a bunch of rich brats
doesn't mean you
can't have angst.
Channel it.
This is a song
about your mother.
She's been lying to you
about sex,
and it
pisses you off.
You're all teenagers, so I know
you hate your mothers.
I hated mine.
Use the anger.
I will show you how it's done.
Grandma, maybe I...
Annie, I'm not
your grandmother here.
I'm the director.
Everyone...
(music starts)
♪ Mama who bore me ♪
♪ Mama who gave me ♪
♪ Mama, the angels ♪
♪ Who made me so sad ♪
♪ Mama who bore me ♪
♪ Mama who gave me ♪
♪ No way to handle things ♪
♪ Who made me so sad. ♪
(music stops)
You've got to move
from the hips
and claim the stage!
ANNIE:
Dad.
Hey.
Dad, you know how
very much I love Grandma,
and it was
a nice idea.
But you have to,
have to find a new
director for the musical.
I cannot replace her.
You have to, okay?
Yes, you can.
She... she makes me do
these crazy heavy
breathing exercises
all the way to school.
And she's so embarrassing.
Sweetheart, just one more week.
TABITHA:
There you are, Harry.
Excuse me, darling.
Uh-huh.
When you have a moment,
I need to go over
the theater budget with you.
The lights need new gels
and the costumes
are not up to par.
Is that coffee on your tie?
What?
Great.
You're seriously
arguing with me? Huh.
Uh, hello.
My mother...
Saw the whole thing.
Hey, now you know
how Annie feels
having you here.
You know people
in the entertainment
industry, right?
Anybody who might be
able to direct a musical?
I think I might
know someone.
(heavy rock beat playing)
(heavy rock beat playing
over radio)
Uh, here.
Thanks.
You caddied at a
country club in Wichita,
cut grass,
shoveled snow...
Mm-hmm.
And this would be
your first real job?
Yes, sir.
You go to West Beverly?
I once hired a kid
from West Beverly.
A long time ago.
He was a good, good egg.
Tell you what, I'll try you out.
You don't mess up,
you got the job.
Thank you, sir.
Stop calling me "sir."
The name is Nat.
Thanks, Nat.
Mom?
Like to introduce you
to somebody.
Hi.
This is Brenda Walsh,
a West Beverly alum and a
very big fan of yours.
Really?
Well, it's nice to meet you.
It's an honor
to meet you.
I've seen every
one of your films.
Not every film.
There were some real stinkers
in the '80s.
Well, you were wonderful
in all of them.
Also I saw your Hedda Gabler
at the Ahmanson.
That's the greatest part
ever written for a woman.
I got to play her.
Not as well as you,
of course.
Oh, you're an actor.
Yes.
Mom, opening night
is around the corner.
There's a lot
of work left.
So I thought you
could use some help,
and Brenda offered
to assist.
I thought I was handling this
all rather well.
Oh, well, I've seen
the original production
of Spring Awakening.
And I always think it helps
to have an extra
pair of eyes.
Wonderful.
Fine.
Great.
All right, explain to me,
why didn't you say yes to Ty?
I mean, it's
Vampire Weekend.
It's a secret show.
It's Ty Collins.
Ethan asked me out.
No. No Ethan.
What is wrong with you.
He's off limits.
Ethan and Naomi are over.
They are never over.
Let me explain
something to you.
Naomi and Ethan
have this thing, right?
It's like they're
in this bubble--
this impenetrable bubble.
A bubble?
And no matter
how hard you try,
you can't get in
and you don't want to get in.
Trust me, I stand beside
the bubble and I'm scared.
Well, the bubble has popped.
No, no, you see,
you just think it has.
Silver, I am going out
with Ethan
and you cannot talk me
out of it.
And I'm not scared.
Mm-hmm. I'm going to buy you
a box of tissues.
So...
what can I get you ladies?
Wait,
you're working here?
Yeah.
Are you trying to make me
look bad with Mom and Dad?
No, I'm trying
to make me look good.
I've been messing up
since I got here,
so, you know, I'm trying
to do something
a little more responsible.
(laughing)
Kiss ass.
Hey, you shouldn't
be talking.
Uh-uh.
So can I get you anything?
TRACY:
The digital proof is in.
Naomi! Come take
a look at this.
I think I'm going
to order 500 more.
At least.
I think you look beautiful.
Thank you.
Gross.
I look terrible.
Well, you've been
outvoted, kiddo,
'cause Jen likes
that one, too.
I think you
look great, honey.
Great? I look high.
No, you don't.
Were you high?
(phone rings)
Oh, that's the
office calling.
Give me a second.
Yeah, I'll be
there at 8:00.
♪ Outside's in control... ♪
(Harry and Debbie laughing)
That's funny.
Hey.
You're home late.
Uh, yeah, I got a job
at the Peach Pit.
What?
W-when did that happen?
Just today.
They said they
needed help.
And, Dad, you know girls
in Beverly Hills.
They like expensive stuff
and expensive places.
Yes, they do.
I want to roll in style.
Maybe one day
get a nicer car.
No... no offense.
None taken.
It is a piece of crap.
(laughs)
Yeah.
Dixon...
Having a job, good thing,
but I wish you would've
discussed it with us first.
You guys don't want me
to take it?
No, you can. You can.
Uh, but I don't
want it to interfere
with your schoolwork
or lacrosse practice.
It won't.
NAOMI:
Mom, I'll be right down.
I'm just saying
good-bye to Dad.
(shower running)
WOMAN (on phone):
Bon Ami Beverly Hills,
this is Gail.
How can I help you?
Hello? Hello?
DIXON:
Thanks for the ride to work.
All right,
all right, focus.
All right.
Okay.
Which organ
produces bile?
Um...
the pancreas.
Liver.
All right,
name the three classes
of digestive enzymes.
I know this one.
I know this one, um...
lipases, uh, amylases
and... and, um...
And?
And I'll study
again after work.
Yeah...
(laughs)
Those dimples are not going
to get you into Harvard.
I think Mrs. Schwartz
is going to give
us a pop quiz.
I'm gonna study after work.
I promise.
I'm sorry. I promise.
(laughs)
Hey.
Hi.
Ethan, I'm freaking out.
Naomi, now is not
a good time, okay?
Why? What's going on?
It's Steven.
I told my mom that
I'm watching him
so she could have
some time to herself
and he's just
having a bad day.
That's all right.
Let me help you.
We have a new
cleaning service
and I forgot to tell him
not to touch the furniture.
He's been rearranging
it all afternoon.
I've tried everything
that usually works
to get him to change
his focus but nothing,
and I really
need him to stop
before my mom gets home.
Hey, it's all right.
I'm here. Okay?
I'll help.
Hey, Steven.
Hey, man. Naomi
came to see you.
How cool is that, huh?
The couch is in
the wrong place.
Oh, I can see that.
You want me to help you out?
No.
I got it.
Okay. Well, you know what?
I was actually hoping
maybe we could
pop some popcorn
and watch a movie.
What do you think about that?
I came all the way from
my house just for you.
Oh, it sounds good, right?
You love popcorn.
I like popcorn, with butter.
A stick of butter,
two teaspoons of salt
and a pinch of pepper.
That's perfect.
That's exactly how
I like mine, but
we need the couch
to sit on to watch
the movie, okay?
So why don't you come with me
and we'll get some popcorn.
Hold my hand.
Here we go. Okay.
♪ Bethlehem,
some pray that one day ♪
Annie, your
posture is horrid!
Pull your shoulders back.
♪ They light a candle ♪
♪ And hope that it glows ♪
♪ And some just lie there ♪
You're singing from the throat.
♪ Crying for him to come
and find them ♪
♪ But when he comes
they don't know how to go ♪
♪ Oh, Mama! ♪
Annie,
what is wrong
with you today?
Okay, guys,
how about we take five?
Hey, Dixon.
Hey, what's up, man?
Uh, so look, my dad's
trip got cut short,
which means, I need the money
by the end of next week,
and I got the estimate.
It's $500.
Are you serious?
We can still go through
insurance, if you want.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Um... I'll get you
the money, man.
I'll just pick up some
extra shifts, you know?
Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, cool, man.
TABITHA (on video):
Annie!
You're singing from the throat.
I need diaphragm.
♪ They don't know how to go ♪
♪ Oh, Mama! ♪
Annie, what is wrong
with you today?
I always learn a lot
watching my rehearsals on tape.
Helps me tweak things.
Like did you notice
that Jill was off-key
in the second verse?
And Adriana,
she needs some refocusing.
You know, Brenda, that...
was very helpful.
Eye-opening.
NAOMI:
I'm gonna go talk to her.
I know where she works.
ETHAN:
You really want to do that?
It's my family.
I can't just sit back
and do nothing.
I just think there
might be a better way.
And what way is that?
Did you like when your
parents got divorced?
You would have
stopped it if you
could have, wouldn't you?
I mean, look what
happened to Silver
and her mom-- their
whole lives fell apart.
What are you gonna say to her?
I'm gonna tell
the bitch to stop
sleeping with my dad
and back the hell off.
My dad's obviously going
through a mid-life crisis
and she's probably
just some slut.
If I can get her
to leave him,
then everything will go
back to the way it was.
But I need your help.
Will you please go with me?
(bugle playing "Charge" on TV)
Yeah. I'll go.
♪ In the failing light ♪
(over radio):
♪ Of the afternoon... ♪
Well.
That's your fourth
Dr. Pepper.
How late is Ethan?
Half an hour.
Did you call him?
Not answering.
Maybe he forgot.
That really doesn't
make me feel better.
♪ Of a poison fish ♪
Oh, crap.
Hey, Dixon,
can I grab
a coffee to go, please?
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Thanks, man.
Hey.
So... these were your plans?
I'm waiting for someone.
Right.
Well, I hope you
have a good time.
♪ No one is the savior... ♪
Coffee?
Thanks, man.
Ha-ha. Thank you.
I am such a ginormous idiot.
Yes, you are.
He's a pretty good tipper.
Ty is cool and sweet
and he really likes me
and I'm sitting here waiting
for a guy I might not get.
A guy in a bubble.
An impenetrable bubble.
Look, Annie,
You're holding on to a crush
you had on Ethan, what,
like two years ago.
You need to go for the guy
who treats you good,
not the one who
gives you grief.
Yo, Willie!
Burgers
for table five, man.
Come on.
(phone ringing)
Yeah.
Lots of grief.
(guitar playing gentle tune)
Thanks for helping.
The kids can play it,
but they can't arrange.
Sure, sure. I would add
a little percussion
to the bridge here.
That sounds great.
So... do you want to
play with the band?
I was hoping for
a fuller sound.
Yeah, I don't think so.
(laughing)
Um... by the way,
Kelly asked me
if I could
babysit on Sunday
and I don't think I can.
I have a lot of catch-up
work to do with this.
All right.
No worries.
Do you know Sammy's dad?
I do.
He sounds like a cool guy.
Traveling the world and, uh...
helping people.
You know, I don't
really feel comfortable
talking about Kelly's
personal life.
If you have questions,
you should just ask her.
Yeah. No, you're...
you're right.
Should I have questions?
There's just
a long history there.
You want me to go
in there with you?
No.
Just wait here.
I'll be here.
We're closing in ten minutes.
Are you Gail?
Hi, Naomi.
You know who I am.
Of course.
Why are you here?
You're supposed to be in Denver.
Why aren't you in Denver?
I just moved here.
Naomi, I...
You know what, stop.
Just stop.
Leave us alone.
Leave my dad alone,
leave our family alone.
Go away--
my dad doesn't love you.
You're just a fling.
I'm gonna lock the
door for a minute.
Do you want
some water or something?
No, I don't want any
water, and I don't want
to be locked
in here with you.
I want you out of our lives.
Why don't you go after someone
who's single?
Try that.
(sighs)
I've asked myself that same
question so many times.
There are some things
that don't make sense
just because
they don't.
I guess somehow it's
worth it to me.
Oh, really?
Why might that be?
Because I love him.
Oh, my God, I've heard enough!
That's the address
to my beach house.
Are you moving in there?
MAN:
Your break's over
in five minutes, Dixon.
I don't care about
the same stuff
kids in Beverly
Hills care about.
Hip nightclubs.
Trendy purses.
I just like doing
my own thing.
So, you're trying not to fit in?
I just like being different.
It's how I'm made,
you know what I mean?
Do I know what you mean?
(chuckling)
I'm a black kid living
with a white family.
Doesn't get more
different than that.
Right.
Is that weird?
You know, they're my family,
and I love them.
They don't care
that I'm black.
I don't care that
they're white.
But, you know, sometimes, like,
when we're eating dinner
or if we're talking about
something or even laughing,
then just for a split second...
I feel like I don't fit in.
Then, just like that,
(snaps fingers)
the feeling goes away, but...
Somehow, it's still there.
Yeah.
So, when are you
gonna ask me out?
(laughing)
Maybe I don't want
to ask you out.
Yeah, you do.
Oh, you're so sure?
Uh-huh... I bet you that you do.
Wait... that means if I do ask
you out, then I'll lose the bet.
Oh, there's no losers here.
(laughing)
All right, I like
the way you think.
(giggling)
Hey.
Dad said you're
quitting the play.
Oh, well, I couldn't work
under those conditions anymore.
The acoustics in that auditorium
are atrocious.
And the stage is
literally falling apart.
Well... thank you so much
for all your help.
You're welcome, darling.
You're in good hands
with Brenda.
Mm.
Annie?
You are doing a wonderful job
in the musical.
You are
very talented.
Thank you, Grandma.
Mom.
Mm-hmm?
I went to see Gail.
I talked to her.
Why would you do that?
Because I want her
out of our lives.
You have no business
getting involved.
Mom, it's not just
a casual fling with her and Dad.
He's moving her
into the beach house.
Dad lied.
What?
Mom...
No.
I'm sorry.
Oh, God.
No.
♪ ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
(bell rings)
Hey, Teach.
Hey.
(groans)
You look tired.
(chuckles)
Up all night
thinking about me?
(chuckles):
Uh...
yeah, I wish.
No, I was...
up studying bio.
RYAN:
All right, everybody,
let's focus.
We got tests coming out.
Test?
Yeah.
Bio's tomorrow.
Flannery O'Connor
short stories today.
Annie.
Hey, Annie, listen,
I am so sorry about
standing you up.
This whole thing
with my brother...
Don't worry about it.
It's not like it was a
date or anything, right?
I got to go.
♪ Balancing on ♪
♪ One wounded wing ♪
♪ Circling the edge,
of the never ending... ♪
Hey.
So, do you think you
could score some tickets
for the Sea Wolf
concert this weekend?
I heard they're
playing Spaceland.
Yeah, I have tickets
for that show.
Oh. Cool.
I'm already going
with someone else.
♪ More than begin ♪
Later.
♪ But less than forget ♪
♪ But spirits born ♪
♪ From the not happened yet... ♪
Hey. So, I can't
do pizza on Sunday.
I just can't get a sitter--
everybody's busy.
(chuckles):
Okay.
What's the matter?
(sighs)
Look, I don't know
what the story is
with you and Sammy's dad.
It just feels like
there's unfinished business.
And what would give you
that idea?
Well, I was talking
to Brenda, and...
Wait, wait-- you were talking
to Brenda about me?
I'm just trying
to get to know you.
Look, Kelly, I just want you
to feel like you can talk me,
you know, like you
can tell me anything,
and if there is
something going on
with you and
your ex, then...
I'm a big boy...
I can handle it.
There's nothing going on
with me and my ex.
KELLY:
Brenda.
Hey.
Uh, what did you
say to Ryan?
About what?
About me.
Not much.
You shouldn't have
said anything.
Okay, Kelly,
any guy that dates you
is gonna have
questions about him.
You should just get
your story straight.
My story is straight.
You know,
you get really emotional
when you talk about this.
I wonder why that is.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that
you still have feelings for him.
Of course I still have feelings
for him--
he's my son's father.
Kelly, come on,
you know there's more
to it than that.
No, there isn't.
Because it can't be;
because he's not here,
and I deserve
to be with somebody
and be happy.
Oh, give me a break.
You are never gonna be happy
with somebody else,
because you're still in love
with Dylan, and you know it.
(knocking)
Dad, what are you doing here?
Hear they have great coffee.
Well, you came
to the right spot.
Mr. Matthews told me that you
got an incomplete
on the test you took today.
I'll make it up.
Look, Dixon, I like
that you have this job,
but I told you I didn't want it
to interfere
with your schoolwork.
Dad, look, I-I need
this job right now, you know?
After next week, you know,
I'll cut down
on a few shifts, but...
Why next week?
Um...
Because I, uh...
accidentally
knocked off
someone's side mirror
when I was parking the van
and wanted to pay
for it myself.
You should've come to me.
But, Dad...
your insurance
would've went up, right?
And I heard you and Mom
talking about money problems.
So I wanted to take
care of this myself.
I don't know many other kids
who would've gotten a job.
I mean, hell, I never did.
You're already
ahead of me.
Look, uh, I'll-I'll
pay for it now,
and you can pay me back in time.
How's that sound?
Thanks, Dad.
Leave a tip.
I got your tip:
don't get any more bad grades.
REPORTER (on TV):
...is in critical
but stable condition--
normal after such an operation.
Her condition will be monitored
for 72 hours to see if there's
any sign of organ rejection.
(Naomi and Ethan
laughing on computer)
NAOMI:
Do you like it?
ETHAN:
Oh, I love it.
I think I'm gonna
wear it to school.
Oh, you would not.
I dare you.
Come on, get
into the video.
All right, all
right, all right.
(laughter)
You look pretty good
with a monkey on your head.
Oh, yeah? Well, you look good
with a tiger on your head.
Thank you, thank you.
(playful growling)
(laughing): This is
the best day ever.
I love you,
Ethan Ward.
I love you.
(Naomi laughing)
ETHAN: You're not cotton candy.
Yo, Dix.
Hey.
Here.
Thanks for
helping me out, man.
Hey.
No worries.
So, listen, my dad has a
hookup with the Lakers.
We got courtside tickets,
but my buddy bailed on me.
So you interested?
For real?
Yeah.
Kobe?
Hell, yeah, I want
to see the Lakers, man!
(laughs)
You hit that guy's car,
almost got him in trouble,
and then he asks
you to a game?
It's nothing.
I've seen guys fistfight,
and then five minutes later,
they're hanging out.
(laughs)
That's crazy.
Yeah, you know,
guys aren't like girls.
We don't hold grudges.
Life is way too short.
Hey.
Look...
I'm not gonna post anything
on my blog about you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Just thought
you should know.
Okay.
So see you around?
Yeah.
See you.
All right, man,
so I'll just catch you later.
Hey.
What's this?
Snickerdoodles.
They're apology
cookies.
When I do something
screwed up, I bake.
Uh, you know,
just forget about it.
I can't forget about it.
I'm an idiot, Ty.
I like you.
I want to hang
out with you.
Well, you really haven't
been acting like it.
I know.
I know I messed up.
And-and I am so hoping
that I'm not too late to fix it.
Am I too late?
Look, I-I spent the whole night
making you these cookies.
So eat a snickerdoodle;
they're really good.
I really don't think cookies
are gonna do it.
You haven't
tasted one yet.
Annie, I don't have to.
I just...
Wow.
That's way better
than cookies.
(chuckles)
I'm sorry. Really.
You know, if you weren't
so freakin' adorable,
(laughs)
I wouldn't even be having
this conversation
right now.
Can we start over?
Okay.
Yeah.
So you want to go out
this weekend?
Yes, I would.
Good.
(laughs)
I remember
that hat.
L.A. Zoo.
Still cute.
How you doing?
I'm all right.
I realized, can't always
get what I want.
(chuckles)
No matter how bad I want it.
Can't fix my parents' marriage.
Can't make my dad love my mom.
I'm sorry.
You've been wonderful
through all this craziness.
Thank you.
Think we can start over?
What do you mean?
(sighs)
All I know
is I miss those two people
who went to the zoo
and ate cotton candy and were
silly and happy together.
(chuckles)
So you saying...
you want to get back together?
I'm saying
take it day by day,
see what happens.
I can do that.
Come here.
(both laugh)
So cute.
Yeah? Still cute?
Still cute.
(laughs)